Replace dotenv with @next/env in neon guide (#1211)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/integrations/databases/neon.mdx

1. At the root of your project, create a `drizzle.config.ts` and add the following configuration:
    ```typescript {{ filename: 'drizzle.config.ts' }}
    import { defineConfig } from "drizzle-kit";
    import { loadEnvConfig } from "@next/env";

    loadEnvConfig(process.cwd());

    if (!process.env.DATABASE_URL) {

>       throw new Error("DATABASE_URL is not defined");

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      throw new Error("DATABASE_URL must be a Neon postgres connection string");
```
Let's use consistent messaging.
